so today I'm finally reviewing the
Maybelline Dream satin skin foundation
this is a highly requested video and let
us start off with the packaging it comes
in a glass bottle and it also has a pump
on it so it's super perfect for us
makeup users because you know
foundations with pumps are so much
easier to use compared to those that
don't have any pumps so I am in the
shade of b3 and what I'm going to do
right now is just pump like two pumps of
the foundation on the back of my hand
and as you can see it is not at all a
runny formula the dream satin skin is an
air whipped liquid foundation and it has
a unique air soft formula that provides
poreless setting smooth looking skin
extraordinary coverage that does not
clog pores long lasting and moisturizing
all day so this bottle contains 30ml of
foundation and it also has SPF 20 for PA
plus plus so what I'm going to do to
apply the foundation on my face is a
Beauty Blender so I have it right here
and yes it is damp I pick up the product
and proceed to applying it on one side
of my face
so since I have a lot of dark spots and
acne marks and even redness going on in
my face I added about like two to three
layers of the foundation on this side of
my face and as you can see it totally
covered up all those imperfections and
it doesn't look heavy so it doesn't feel
heavy at all it's very very light on the
skin I can still see a little bit of
this pimple peeking through and a little
bit of my dark spots so I'm just going
to add one more layer on those areas and
just buff it away and then finish up the
rest of the other side of my face okay
so after concentrating on those
imperfections on this side of my face
looks so much more flawless compared to
earlier so that is all you have to do if
ever you have like you know extra dark
spots and acne marks and redness going
on just concentrate on those areas and I
think using it or applying the
foundation with a Beauty Blender helps a
lot because it just makes everything
super blended and now we're going to do
the other side of the face
and this is the foundation all over in
my face and I think it does take a
little bit of time for it to set because
I can feel that it is somewhat a dewy
foundation but not overly dewy so it
just gives you the right amount of glow
onto your face and since I have
combination skin I'm just going to set
this foundation with powder but only on
the areas like you know my t-zone area
and the areas where I tend to oil up
throughout the day so this is what it
looks like and overall I really like the
coverage that it gives because you know
it really does cover up all those
imperfections like acne marks dark spots
and even the redness if you saw earlier
I had a lot of redness going on like
around my nose area so that's it that is
the final look and I'm just going to go
ahead and put on a bit of powder on my
t-zone and finish the rest of my makeup
the powder I'm using to set the
foundation on the t-zone area as
something from Laura Mercier this is
their translucent powder and the reason
why I'm using a translucent powder is
because I don't want to affect the color
or what-not of the Maybelline Dream
satin skin so I'm just going to go ahead
and put some of this on my t-zone
so as I was finishing my entire makeup
look I noticed that a foundation just
felt a bit sticky on areas where I did
not use the loose powder so it's just
you know a bit stickies and I am not
really used to that so what I'm going to
do is set the entire face with the loose
powder and that way it won't feel as
sticky anymore
so it is now 241 and the afternoon I'll
be back in a few hours to give you guys
an update regarding the longevity of
this foundation it is now 601 and over
three hours has passed and this is why
the foundation looks like now on my skin
and I just took a quick flash photo and
I'm just going to flash it right now and
as you can see my skin looks super do.we
and I really like it because it is the
healthy kind of dewy it is not overly
oily and I just love how radiant and how
healthy my skin looks with this
foundation now looking up close into the
mirror I did not find a need to retouch
any of the parts off my face because I
just feel that this doing is going on
makes my skin look refreshed and looks
very well hydrated and I like it I just
really like it and so far everything
looks intact no smudging no fading no
caking I do not see like dry patches I
don't see any creases so overall after
three hours everything looks fine so I
would check back at the very end of the
night and do another flash photo test
for you guys to see how long the
foundation would last so I'm back for my
last update for today it is now 9/16 in
the evening and over 7 hours has passed
since I last applied my foundation on my
face and here is a flash photo test that
I did earlier before filming this clip
and as you can see my face grew even
more duly roar I think some people would
say that this look is a bit oily already
compared to the dewy finish that we had
earlier so looking into the mirror I can
say that this foundation held up pretty
well but I can already see a little bit
of my dark spots like peeking through on
this part and I have like a little bit
of redness going on on my the corners of
my nose or the sides of my nose so final
thoughts on the product if ever you ask
me if I would repurchase it Maybelline
Dream satin skin foundation I totally
would because it truly is like second
skin on my skin I love how the shade
matches my skin perfectly again I am in
the shade of b3 please do
note that I have combination skin and
this is the outcome of the foundation on
my skin I personally and not bothered at
all by the doing this because it is not
something that a little bit of loose
powder cannot fix so I'm probably fine
with that I also think that it lived up
to its promise that it is moisturizing
all day because as you can see my face
does not look dry at all and it doesn't
you know create like dry patches and
even like streaky marks or whatsoever so
my skin looked perfectly hydrated all
throughout the day it also said on here
that it creates a pore less and satin
smooth looking skin and I totally think
that it is true because I did not put
any primer on my skin yet the foundation
was able to cover up like my large pores
especially on my cheeks I also did not
break out all throughout the span of
using this foundation so I would totally
repurchase and if ever you guys have
tried other dreams' Island skins please
do let me know in the comment box below
how it worked out for you and whatever
thoughts you have on the product so
that's it for my review for the
Maybelline Dream satin skin foundation I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I
will see you in the next video bye